Project Desc and PSDR Update (#17)
alanssitis/smart-air-hockey-table: web/src/pages/index.md

## Project Description

The Smart Air Hockey Table replicates the functionalities of a traditional arcade air hockey setup with a twist. The notable innovation is the incorporation of a responsive surface beneath a translucent playfield. This reactive surface, comprising strategically positioned lights, sensors, and computational components, reacts in real-time to the movements of the puck, generating visual displays that enhance the gameplay experience.

> A tuned grid of Hall effect sensors lies beneath the playing field of the Smart Air Hockey Table. These sensors measure disturbances in the magnetic field caused by a magnet embedded within the puck. Microcontrollers within the table read the values generated by these Hall effect sensors and process the data to get an accurate position of the puck in real-time.

Reviewer: These sensors measure disturbances in the magnetic field caused by a magnet embedded within the puck.

> A grid of RGB LEDs also lies beneath the playing field of the Smart Air Hockey Table. These RGB LEDs operate as an optional backlight for the playing field with variable colors and intensity. However, each RGB LED can be individually controlled, allowing for almost limitless complex visuals. When combined with puck tracking and the game state, these visuals become reactive to the gameplay.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A grid of RGB LEDs also lies beneath the playing field of the Smart Air Hockey Table. These RGB LEDs operate as a backlight for the playing field and a dynamic graphics display. When combined with puck tracking and the game state, this grid of LEDs can become reactive to the gameplay and greatly enhance the player and spectator experience.
```

> Beside these innovative features, the Smart Air Hockey Table retains all the typical features consumers expect from a recreational air hockey table designed for residential use. This includes robust goal detection using photoresistors and an LCD integrated into the table for displaying the current score and game state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beside these innovative features, the Smart Air Hockey Table retains all the typical features consumers expect from a recreational air hockey table. This includes automated goal detection and an LCD integrated into the table for displaying the current score.
```

> The dynamic nature of the reactive surface introduces novel game modes that transcend the boundaries of conventional air hockey. Despite its technologically advanced features, the smart air hockey table maintains a compact form factor, making it adaptable to a variety of flat surfaces, from regular tables to other suitable platforms. This convergence of timeless gameplay with modern technological advancements is poised to redefine the enjoyment of air hockey, offering enthusiasts an immersive and unparalleled gaming encounter.

Reviewer: Not sure what's the point of this paragraph. It's very confusing and I am not sure what it adds

## Project Specific Design Requirements (PSDRs)

The design and development of the smart air hockey table will adhere to the
following focused design requirements to ensure a successful and captivating
gameplay experience:

1. PSDR #1 (Hardware): 

> An ability to control a grid of RGB LEDs beneath the playing surface with a refresh rate of [TODO].

Reviewer: Will be software i think, but we should mention the ability to control a matrix of RGB LEDs via one microcontroller one row at a time.

Something along those lines

Reviewer 2: Don't mention refresh rate of LEDs, instead mention "WS2812B serial interface for individually addressable control".  This is still specific but doesn't limit us in case we need to update slower once we have 512 of these bad boys in a row.

Reviewer: let's not lock ourselves to those, there are other 2 models that do the same thing

Reviewer: but I agree with the main idea

2. PSDR #2 (Hardware & Software):

> An ability to track the puck’s position on the playing field with a maximum average latency of [TODO].

Reviewer: Implement a way of reading and processing an array of analog hall effect sensors using a "row-master" microcontroller

Create another PSDR that talks about sending this data to the main microcontroller.

TBD since we might change to IO expander, @benjamin-owen thoughts?

Reviewer 2: To be honest, if we really are leaning toward nothing below the row-masters, we can just call them slave microcontrollers.

3. PSDR #3 (Hardware):
An ability to reliably detect goals scored by monitoring the passage of the puck through the goal using a photoresistor and LED pair.

> 4. PSDR #4 (Hardware):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. PSDR #4 (Hardware):
```
"Display the game score on an LCD display connected to the main microcontroller"
